gh-132758: Fix tail call and pystats builds (#132759)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Build/2025-04-20-20-07-44.gh-issue-132758.N2a3wp.rst

> Fix building with tail call interpreter and pystats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix build failure when the developer use ``--enable-pystats`` and 
``--with-tail-call-interp`` arguments in the configuration.
```
